{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red144\green143\blue154;\red10\green10\blue11;
\red89\green137\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c63137\c63137\c66667;\cssrgb\c3529\c3529\c4314;
\cssrgb\c41961\c62353\c100000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23700\viewh12940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
v2\
Jai  
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 ML engineer with over a decade of experience at Amazon, Meta, and startups. \
A <a href="https://www.matsprogram.org/">MATS</a> alum who co-authored \
<a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.15114">RE-Bench</a>, which METR now \
uses in its <a href="https://metr.org/blog/2025-03-19-measuring-ai-ability-to-complete-long-tasks/">\
AI Agent time-horizon tracking (The Chart)</a>.\
Founded Luthien in January 2025. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs46 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 \cf0 Scott: 
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 Spent nearly a decade building the AI behind Amazon\'92s cart, delivery and Prime customer experience. Then he took an AI safety pill and co-founded Luthien in March 2025. \
v1.5 (Claude) \
Jai: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ML engineer with over a decade at Amazon, Meta, and startups. Published researcher who helped develop METR's AI agent evaluations ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.15114"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 RE-Bench}}). Founded Luthien in 2025 to bring production-grade control to AI coding tools.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 Scott: 
\f2\fs30 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 A decade at Amazon (technical product manager: applied science, finance, simulations, supply chain, search). Joined Luthien in 2025 because the tools developers use every day need the same rigor as the models themselves.
\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
v1\
Jai Dhyani | jai@luthienresearch.org | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jai.one/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://www.jai.one/}} ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jaidhyani/resume/blob/master/resume.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 Resume}}) | \uc0\u8203 \u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jaidhyani"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://github.com/jaidhyani}} | Co-Founder & CEO | https://x.com/Laneless_ 
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 Jai is a senior ML engineer with over a decade of experience at Amazon, Meta, and startups, a MATS alum, and a published researcher who, in 2024, worked with METR to develop the AI R&D evals (RE-Bench) that are now included in the ongoing METR AI Agent time-horizon evaluations ("The Chart"). He founded Luthien Research to enable effective AI Safety work in Seattle, initially targeting prosaic AI Control as an important, neglected, tractable intervention.
\f1\fs46 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 \cf0 Scott Wofford | scott@luthienresearch.org | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://linkedin.com/in/scottwofford"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://linkedin.com/in/scottwofford}} | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/scottwofford"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://github.com/scottwofford}} | Co-Founder | https://substack.com/@scwoff | https://x.com/scottwofford | https://scottwofford.com/ 
\f1\fs46 \

\f0\fs51\fsmilli25667 Scott left Amazon as a principal product manager to work on Luthien, with two young kids and a nervous spouse. 9 years shipping AI at Amazon-scale taught him what many AI safety researchers lack: how to build products that people use and infrastructure that holds up at scale. 
\f1\fs46 \
}